Support multiple ways to analyze segments in rest (#4745)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/protocols/HTTP-API-Protocol.md

# HTTP API Protocol

HTTP API Protocol defines the API data format, including api request and response data format.
They use the HTTP1.1 wrapper of the official [SkyWalking Trace Data Protocol v3](Trace-Data-Protocol-v3.md). Read it for more details.

## Instance Management

Detail information about data format can be found in [Instance Management](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-data-collect-protocol/blob/master/management/Management.proto).

> - Report service instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Report service instance properties
```

> POST http://localhost:12800/v3/management/reportProperties

Input:

```json
{
	"service": "User Service Name",
	"serviceInstance": "User Service Instance Name",
	"properties": [{
		"language": "Lua"
	}]
}
```

Output JSON Array:

```json
{}
```

- Service instance ping

> POST http://localhost:12800/v3/management/keepAlive

Input:

```json
{
	"service": "User Service Name",
	"serviceInstance": "User Service Instance Name"
}
```

OutPut:

```json
{}
```

## Trace Report

Detail information about data format can be found in [Instance Management](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-data-collect-protocol/blob/master/language-agent/Tracing.proto).

> There has two way to report segment data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to report segment data, one segment per request or segment array in the bulk mode.
```
